why do two sets of 30 seconds when you
could just do one set of 60 seconds well
it's complicated this study found that
stretching for 30 seconds was slightly
more effective than either 15 seconds or
60 seconds but there's a bit of a
problem if you do 30 seconds per stretch
every single day that works out to three
and a half minutes a week which kinda
sounds like something but also sounds
like nothing anyway this review looked
at 23 studies
hahaha
I made a friend and it found that the
minimum per week is actually five
minutes so if you want to gain
flexibility that's two sets of 30
seconds five days a week but if you want
to get there faster it is worth doing
more than two sets a day oh wait I'm
flexible stay flexy